it is almost impossible to find true-to-life freeze
other than that you were born with
skate under your feet this is the one that had
the skating mecca of heerenveen quite a bit
champions grew up here
it is also a stone's throw away
heerenveen stadium i have
agreed with two poo everything two
real variety friezes
but they can also skate, I think
not
dockx with arnold player
yes will be good at it i do the eifel
consider you the Norwegians
seems excellent behind it then
and both have some millionth pleasen
you with street
the good of course good it usually
with football but if winter is yes
preferably skate after school too
Get as light I can on ice
can i skating yes but two
minutes right
blow your own you want, we will go later
but used to look when I was little
I sometimes do ice hockey with friends
only that was a few years ago
so we are going to a machine
may I skate with the children
abe about football start with your car
chairman at go ahead eagles
yes that often more recently but this one
what you said in the winter period
media but for me it's not like it
the summer they really put a lot of effort into it
well mannered entered it so
may be that you leave him this
style stuff video well so I think
not the self
what about pain or well I read during
the winter break of
that there is a deal with chess and then mine
would be then I know nothing about it
he thinks that nonsense he would like
want to go to feyenoord
but it's a nice club for sure
Such a disaster would be several nice club
are you suit that fit well for you
feeling
yes I think so no I have a broom
brought in
turn on sarah and start feeding
roon ready go
that match or can be left
made
yes i have never experienced it that way
actually
contest which whistled just basically
normally 70 80 wash you stay
normally only yes then at once
I don't know what happened but he
we gave thinking penalties with a normal one
she would also give training for I think
and under no wind was different at
enough for me when i'm just out of it
got off field
but eye contact events with the
train or
day full yes i looked at the trainer and
which was pretty angry and stepping
actually off the field so yes that
actually says enough
and so is manipulated thinking
the can both very big I think was
very crazy from their
the referee's decisions 3 2 1 go
blooper
No
live videos and news
go to foxsports.nl